[Music]
let's begin in 89 when casting and make
up for it a line cuz hat wells older
Slattery's untouched but they made
uncanny valley gutless skip ahead to
Pizarro San Quentin where inmates hug
and Paul Rudd blends in done his time
now he swears to be good serving as fast
as a basket Robin and I are super quick
then he's back in the mix Reese got tips
from other people flips ice time team a
quickie bad man whatever you like clip
you Russian accent great this a phone
with any scoop ice cream find an old
tooth that could probably use a dry
clean honey shook himself watch on the
drain of all he kept incredibly and
Michael Fay Mia locked up again and
surprised him Don Sassoon Academy ties
him tiny guy not rich or immortal and
man it just little superhero morsel
ant-man the one that's after the avenged
the universe's harder to land
like a great food slice of pickle ginger
or a lemon sorbet yes and - Liam - use a
lemon sorbet pimp am future in lawn Bay
invest in digs but they don't use braid
cuz Hank is a wacky side to person using
asses indentured servants lucky they got
time to kill to teach this stranger
secret skills suit stuff bug stuff tech
stuff MMA but hope you all the stuff
anyway they would have been away simpler
asked she's smarter stronger up to the
task the second actor unpacked the past
the family and half the movie wouldn't
be modeled of this yammering like
seriously it's like the entire middle of
the movie is just vo of Gordon Gekkos
spewing science BS anyway runs no longer
clueless leveled up bed now he gotta
prove it start phase and why upstate
battled the Avengers and bunch to pay
then it's back to the beta round up the
crew which they wouldn't need to do a
folklore the suit she's sneaking the Pym
kids derriere but this movie in about
breaking barriers
and I really should have been on to Aman
buggy things he knows what he is doing
could have ended phase 2 on the true we
would have been out woman 2 bad guy is a
former mentee like his bald head morally
empty and like Peter Russo a super creep
but now he gets off and being mean to
sheathe me another heist don't take
phone to plan it cuz of relies on
miraculous antics son Cody room it's a
trap that's the end of the rope which
wouldn't be the cases they just used
hope yet Scottie still too big to fail
though in the briefcase on the magic
railroad gotta get smaller go solve
atomic battery smoke DeRozan motor
chronically ill a jacket crumbles in
enough and now Scott he's tight with his
ex and her husband daughter's got a pet
and after all of this they're gonna need
a child psychologist tonsil hockey Scott
enough score cuz beat disease abdomen
once before but hey new soup we know
that it fits cuz it has wings in gopher
is it alright look Paul Rudd lifts funny
off the page plus he's handsome and
doesn't age but his character is more
than just silly cuz what a time to
blossom for Canada's lily it wasn't in
the comics in this series all hindsight
but hope could have been Marvel's first
from the limelight strong women need a
stronger presence and honestly the irony
here is has not been lost on me that was
a man y'all this is recap rats and that
was also our weirdest have to adapt our
feminist ideals anyway see you next time
what's up guys thanks for watching if
you like this click the box to the left
to see another recap wrap or pick the
box to the right to see another dope
video alright we see next